Deb-o-Matic - automatic build machine for Debian packages

This is Deb-o-Matic, an easy-to-use build machine for Debian-based source
packages based on pbuilder. It provides a simple tool to automate the build of 
source packages with limited user interaction and a simple configuration.
It has some useful feature such as automatic update of pbuilder, automatic
scan and selection of source packages to build and lintian/linda support.
It is meant to help developers to build their packages without worrying too
much of compilation, since it will run in background and no user feedback
is required during the whole process.



REQUISITES

You will need python-dev (or equivalent), pbuilder, debootstrap and docbook2x 
packages installed in order to build Deb-o-Matic and pbuilder and debootstrap
to be able to run it. An Internet connection is also required, broadband access
is suggested since debootstrap will fetch several packages from the net to
prepare pbuilder chroot environment.



INSTALLATION

Installation process is straightforward:

make
make install (with root privileges)

You will find debomatic executable in /usr/bin and related manpages in
/usr/share/man/ directory.



INITIAL SETUP

In order to get Deb-o-Matic working, you have to prepare a configuration file
which will contain the options needed to run debomatic. You can look at
examples/debomatic.conf to see a working example.
Now you must create the directory referenced by packagedir option in your
configuration file in order to avoid to generate errors.
In the end, create the directory referenced by configdir option and put some
pbuilder configuration files in it. Their names must match target distribution
you want to build packages for (e.g. if you want to build for Gutsy, pbuilder
configuration file must be named gutsy). You can have as many configuration
files as you want, given that you follow the rule above. See examples/ for
working examples of them.



RUNNING DEB-O-MATIC

To start Deb-o-Matic, you have to launch "debomatic -c debomatic.conf" command
(where debomatic.conf is configuration file you just created). You need root
privileges to do so because of pbuilder infrastructure.
Now you can put source packages in the chosen package directory (identified
by packagedir option) and Deb-o-Matic will take care of the building phase.
Since Deb-o-Matic requires .changes files, be sure to generate a full Debian
source package by using a command such as dpkg-buildpackage -S -sa. You have
to upload .changes file and each file mentioned under its Files section.



BUGS AND FEEDBACKS:

If you want to report a bug or a feature, please visit Deb-o-Matic homepage at
https://launchpad.net/debomatic.
